Extend docs and add navigation (#7)
DataDog/ciapp-alpha-docs: docs/troubleshooting.md

---
layout: page
title:  Troubleshooting
categories: troubleshooting
permalink: /troubleshooting
nav_order: 5
---

# Troubleshooting

## I don't see any information in Datadog after instrumenting my platform.

If you don't see any results in Datadog after following the installation guide for your platform, check the following:

**Have you started a Datadog Agent instance?**

> The Datadog Tracer may need a [Datadog Agent](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/) instance running and accessible from the environment where the tests are being executed.

Reviewer: is it `may` ? 
```suggestion
The Datadog Tracer needs a [Datadog Agent](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/) instance running and accessible from the environment where the tests are being executed.
```

Author: All tracers report using the Datadog agent? I think iOS and Gitlab sends direct info to the Backend @nachoBonafonte @AdrianLC

Reviewer 2: Yes, not all use an agent, at least Swift is reporting directly without an agent

Reviewer: how about something like
```
Java, Javascript, Python, Ruby and Jenkins instrumentation require the [Datadog Agent] ...
Swift and Gitlab instrumentation do not require the Datadog Agent. 
```

Author: Yes, I'll include something like that 👍

> Additionally, `DD_AGENT_HOST` and `DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT` options need to be configured properly in case the default values (`localhost`,`8126`) are not correct.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, `DD_AGENT_HOST` and `DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT` options need to be configured properly in case the Datadog Agent is not using its default url (`localhost:8126`).  
```
